include custom auth header for webdav (#4280)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/remote/modify.md

  1. `user` parameter set with this command (found in `.dvc/config`);
  2. User defined in the URL (e.g. `webdavs://user@example.com/endpoint/path`)

> - `custom_auth_header` - custom header field name to use for authentication. Value is set via `password`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `custom_auth_header` - HTTP header field name to use for authentication. Value is set via `password`.
```

  is set via `password`.

  ```cli

>   $ dvc remote modify --local myremote custom_auth_header 'My-Header'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote \
                      custom_auth_header 'My-Header'
```

>   ```

Reviewer 2: What's the default value? Do we need/recommend `--local` for this? Thanks

Reviewer: There's no default value. And, `--local` is not strictly required since there are no secret values. But we already have similar snippet above in `http`, so I think let's keep this.

Author: By default, it won't be set. I am not sure - I picked this up from the documentation of the http remote, which has the same option (custom_auth_header) 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70193035/216373535-0738846e-0345-4a0e-ae85-71bf771dc171.png)

> - `custom_auth_header` - HTTP header field name to use for authentication. Value is set via `password`.
> 
>   ```cli
>   $ dvc remote modify --local myremote \
>                       custom_auth_header 'My-Header'

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
- `custom_auth_header` - HTTP header field name to use for authentication. Value
  is set via `password`.

  ```cli
  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote custom_auth_header 'My-Header'
````

> - `password` - password for WebDAV server, used with `user` or `custom_auth_header`, can be empty in case of using `token` authentication.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `password` - password for WebDAV server, combined either with `user` or
  `custom_auth_header`. Leave empty for `token` authentication.
```

  1. `user` parameter set with this command (found in `.dvc/config`);
  2. User defined in the URL (e.g. `webdavs://user@example.com/endpoint/path`)

- `custom_auth_header` - HTTP header field name to use for authentication. Value
  is set via `password`.

  ```cli
  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote \
                      custom_auth_header 'My-Header'
  ```

- `password` - password for WebDAV server, combined either with `user` or
  `custom_auth_header`. Leave empty for `token` authentication.

  ```cli
  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote password mypassword
  ```

  <admon type="info">

>   `user/custom_auth_header`, `password` auth is incompatible with `token` auth.

Reviewer: It is more about the combination, so I think it should be:
```suggestion
  `user/password`, `custom_auth_header/password` auth is incompatible with `token` auth.
```

Reviewer 2: OK, I'm just not sure this wording is clear... 🤔 How about this:

```suggestion
  `password`-based auth (either with `user` or `custom_auth_header`) is incompatible with `token` auth.
```

Reviewer: yeah, this one's a bit better, but I'd like to highlight `user` vs `custom_auth_header` vs `token` auth type more (`password` does not seem very important or is more obvious).

>   `user/custom_auth_header`, `password` auth is incompatible with `token` auth.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Auth based on `user` or `custom_auth_header` (with `password`) is incompatible
  with `token` auth.
```

  1. `user` parameter set with this command (found in `.dvc/config`);
  2. User defined in the URL (e.g. `webdavs://user@example.com/endpoint/path`)

- `custom_auth_header` - HTTP header field name to use for authentication. Value
  is set via `password`.

  ```cli
  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote \
                      custom_auth_header 'My-Header'
  ```

- `password` - password for WebDAV server, combined either with `user` or
  `custom_auth_header`. Leave empty for `token` authentication.

  ```cli
  $ dvc remote modify --local myremote password mypassword
  ```

  <admon type="info">

  Auth based on `user` or `custom_auth_header` (with `password`) is incompatible
  with `token` auth.

>   </admon>

Reviewer 2: TBH I'm not sure we need this note. I'm guessing `dvc push` will show a specific error if both are set? Merging for now anyway. Thanks @frederik-sandfort and @skshetry 🙂
